auto has
grown up and here I am from Ukraine a city of German
from Russia from where
Bryansk Bryansk is from a water English doll
not that is, I will ask Olga from Russia how
do you feel about the war in Ukraine
I am the 2nd what will I be waiting for and why do you
think that something is forced the world is yours
opinion,
well, we were contacted by you what is
Luhansk Donbass
is Little Russia that only Little Russian
this legal
between no I use it for you it’s not clear who
turned Susanna to bomb Ukraine has not yet
understood but
has not yet been bombed right now and who turned
to you that it is necessary to bomb at the wedges did not
understand  well, they came and ate, and someone came to
Pushilin
who was no electronics tall, a
man, that is, he got the way from you can
get the size of 7 minutes before I didn’t
understand, that is, it turns out I just wanted to
understand his status, someone from
came also asked you  give and bomb
ukraine in this way and calculate it as a
necessary measure
yes i agree with him having received about it
i.e. you have it strange you are
some kind of fascists understood you want to bomb at the gro
at the request of some man, ladies
fascists, you attacked Ukraine in 2014, we
now
know [music] in such a melody
when you turn on your guys here and
don’t stand straight and rocker give I love
what kind of music you turned on
to call it gain plus  valve, but in general,
do you know what kind of music this is
for Irish songs anna german
this is British Breton agricultural people
will say cross I’m not even
those influx of Bretons Bretons still
moved to the north-west of France
philosophical music some problems so
there is no I usually turn on your guys
to
my heart and then my hands go to serious
taxi drivers I threw up my hand though where is your
grandfather you are well done he know here I am usually
when
you know how you know how to
raise your spirits new york turns on the
Russians all see the flag like that and immediately
starts screaming and for save-help
why  then
you somehow adequately reacted, everyone
sees the Ukrainian slug from me and shouts save me,
help
from whom, well, I don’t know, so you don’t say
that the song is on  it’s still over there people
shooting here you don’t see me either 2
layers and start screaming save-help
for some reason
save-help there it’s just your guys
rather it’s a western right and
it’s worth some kind of anthem
cut people look here your guys
are important yours  guys from Russia, I turn on,
they see my photos of Kerch from
save-help, but you didn’t do
it this way, it’s different, you can see it’s Eastern
Russia, it’s not like that,
I
also don’t understand how it is when there
are 10 people in front of you, so that’s just at
the moment when you  got up and got
inspired by this song so they got up from me
shouting like
save-help this flag
I don’t understand you
help which song
won’t heat up playing your Russian guys
here you also had a man saw the sour
said save-help and switched
another saw mine  flag and screaming
save-help why, since
it's so hard,
you need to think about the music Dasha to catch up
and I
say that when they meet your guys they
see save help
please look at that  why, let's
figure out what's going on with this Pushilin,
who is he in general and why are you bombing
Ukraine
so it
was who he was and
was the republic of which republic of the
Donetsk that and now we are here and we plan the
head of the Donetsk republic and when
did some kind of  then the Donetsk republic
is in the game that there is some kind of Donetsk
republic on
if it exists, it means that it once somehow
appeared the truth,
so you can say then when and how you
wanted, you can say what date and in
what form they wanted
year 14  and yes, what one
joined in Russia 4 disabled people to
ferrari and initially when there was a coup
las vegas maidan people themselves expressed their
opinion I
know a lot of people had
to flee from Donetsk because look the
pit you don’t know yes you so many people
fled very  let me tell you the dates,
see February 26, Russian troops
captured the parliament of Crimea, so from that
day begins the occupation of Ukraine on the
territory of Donetsk and Lugansk in the region
so on April 12, 2014, an
armed gang of terrorists Girkin from the
tower to so from Russia came and captured
the police station Slavic SBU from that
moment hostilities began on the
territory of the Donetsk Luhansk region
so when and what kind of DPR was created when
some kind of Donetsk republic
was created by what kind of people
it wasn’t like that, and you claim that
for example, I can say that I
can’t express all the opinion of the people who
are here, and when that people expressed their deeds,
I’ll just say the children of the people of Crimea already
understood the guilt when there was an opinion of the people of
Crimea,
it didn’t pay off  no, look,
there was no electronic referendum
because it already took place by the
occupation of 20 to 26
let's hear you the question of the people of
Crimea did not leave to say why
what is left and you live well, let
me again on February 26, so the
occupation of Ukraine began so the seizure of the
Crimean parliament is legally fixed  and in
documents over there in resolutions such
sanctions overheads  why didn’t they leave in Russia, part left, part remained with everyone before, I know people who stayed because there they don’t have property for them to go anywhere, but all her property is how they lived their life there, that is, they believe that it’s the same as it is now, for example, occupied there are Kherson people who are Talitsky that they are waiting for everything to change, they didn’t leave, it’s not three that left, but Alice will change that if Kherson changes everything, but it will also change soon from the Crimea, it won’t recover now, and then over time they will come out at the border of 91 years, that is, they will be released Donetsk Lugansk region cream until it's a matter of time and that when you see, for example, the question is if Kherson with you is the same Russia is not worth the citizens of Russia for some reason came because look, soon Russian forces will be released from there, the atoms will not make a gesture of goodwill to from near Kyiv the composition of the serpentine left is a matter of time, only to believe the paw will stick a question of time a matter of time when ours will knock the Russians out of Kherson
what do you believe in what but do you believe in it in the same even Russian analysts believe the same shooters, for example, everything is already clearly stating that the Russian offensive has fizzled out in Ukraine, so Western clinics are using the form of weapons, so Ukraine is getting stronger, so now Ukraine has beaten off Russian SS troops of the Kyiv region of Chernihiv and Sumy Kharkov from the island of the serpent on sank a ship there they call from poor Moscow it is however the report card of the great translation is great perry can they choose see why not very cool symbolic so it would just be whole to believe yes look now we then you from bryansk, but if some pictures from ukraine arrive right in today, you flew to the forest on saturday, you are bent if ukraine is so weak, but it can even snap back and the territory of the russian empire, this is shelling so it went somewhere more than russia if you are in bryansk she can't you bryansk protection russia arrives  you fly there and in kursk
belgorod thanks to generally
using some kind of powerful weapons
, any country can look, it
turns out pistons are weapons, but don’t
forget you have civilians
whom russia does not want to destroy as it
doesn’t want to, and that scientifically anyone see
war
war and civilians die  citizens are dying at the
beginning of the war, I already assume that the
amount of mineral additives for the sake of
such a simple question, let's be Nazis,
you are Russians,
what does the Nazis do to redistribute to
destroy the nation, what would I do
now, so you have a lot of different
manic years, I was what to do when
we bombed the lions what  mysterious 5 I’m
unbanned and your power plant and the
world would burn down and then fight your
city so that you would be silent canopies and you know
why we didn’t bomb
because ours will buy
absolutely the
second question let’s why the
wire passing through
Ukraine is diluted with oil why what is given  why
Zelensky will give the command to bomb
why why why  m correctness such
where I’m from is smoked just the Nazis
need to be somehow limited so that they don’t
pump gas to the euro, respectively, don’t pump
gas you need to dilute this and all the media on the
contrary see my set from
Nazism
you asked a question I will answer I want a program
no well here I am  look, the fact is that we
steal your gas and oil for ourselves for a gram as an
indemnity, you understand, that is, therefore, we
don’t turn it off,
we take your resources for ourselves, why
are you afraid, like suckers, download through
to
need to block the enemy, look, you are our
ally 9 and we are with him  we take your
oil, we steal during the war, it’s the other way around,
we get production,
why bomb it, what we get
nowhere,
we take your wires oil so
to war with you, that is, we
take oil and gas from you from the oil pipeline with you to
block what we take for ourselves with
what  and we kill you like this, and we take away your resources,
imagine that furagin is coming from you, a bite of
goods, we simply sort it out for ourselves,
because Putin is a fool, why Putin is not
stopped  Vit and there
is a flow of hydrocarbons,
we then turn off the sound a little
pounced on, we download it to ourselves, why should we
turn it off, we steal resources for free, so
we let them go to war with you, this is
cool
for the wire in Hungary and other countries,
our allies who supply us with
weapons also make  the nights through
it have already begun to me there guests they are our
refugees for them they still mouth though not a
little and plundered all the rights than
why the chamber is in our interests in our interests
why cut off the bough on which you are sitting in
Novoshakhtinsk
before shouting Nazis well you are
even a little logician  why not why are the
Nazis looking at
36 again he doesn’t need to do it completely shut off the gas from shut off will shut off
why you won’t shut
it off because you won’t have any financial resources at all
and
earn the
Eurasian Union
transfer what is the Eurasian Union
China is what the Eurasian Union is  -then
there is no one Eurasian
eleventh china india you understand
where you got it from  There are so many
pipelines to pump to India and
China
to sell us, why
immediately why Hitler was a Nazi in court,
yes, yes, he’s
just
something that Hitler was done on
Vasilyevsky, for
example, nothing because they
found it.
.  the question was not enough
how the caliber flew in flew to
far and that
he could not fly
was left without light because look
because why the Nazi didn’t do it
later because now
you want an answer or do you even have the idea to
move your lips just
let’s not really understand we are on the
graph  2 topics turn off the sound and answer
your questions, you began not to listen,
but look at your question, here is
Russia, so the Russian command
uses these calibers and since it
considers it not satisfying that in the bay,
they restored it so they hit the electrical
substations at our railway junctions
restored so better you don’t have the
opportunity to do normal
bombing because our beer
shoots down your plane if you had
such an opportunity
you would have bombed it on the very first day
like this except for the chok it seems that even to
say you crime is a miracle for civilians hit
you a few of them to a dream  they flew about some,
but the rockets flew in, but like
rockets
to a substation, they also fly in both object
and  infrastructure, why why
do you formulate the weak and how to ensure
a clean and quiet
victory?  you have the letter z there is
some kind of take off this hat so that you don’t be
because of the piece of iron you will start normal if
you would have acted like this you have no possibility
it makes the
system
once they could do this it’s not the
same logic I mean who we are not a Nazi in and the
Nazis  yes you are on the test and because you
let's do this now we will check let's
check the
Ukrainian Ukrainian language is it a separate
language or a dialect of the Russian language
Ukrainians are such a people or is it the
same as Russians
Ukraine if
I am a Tatar Moldavian
lily of the valley there is such a nation Ukrainians
Ukrainian can write  business passport,
and here, in essence, there is love
,
we don’t have nationality in passports,
hello, no, don’t tell meters  I
bitterly need to go it works in the Soviet
passport my 43 where passports
are put in Russian you can in Ukraine in the
passport so there is no nationality of citizens
standing
you saw Ukrainian passports
on which page nationality is written there
let's check with you now and you
will say if there is no such and columns  you
will say that you are a balabol and if there is, I will
say that I was
but let's google
[music]
no, you can find it, maybe you
have some separate Ukrainian passports
pictures upload look
at
us a long time ago already prayers of the nineties
hands from the 90s  years to me this is already this column
this is a Soviet passport you still show
the coat of arms of the Soviet Union there
this is the average 1 Soviet passport
who is written there the passport of a citizen
what it will collapse and come across at work and
just called it challenges of the passport of the
Soviet Union what or watched but I
work for organizations  where is everything
to pass so you and I, as we said, the
condition was that if there is such a column, the
nationality of the passport is gr  citizen of
Ukraine, I will say if no, you will say that
you would
not have come across
before in the Soviet Union, it was with us
when we gained independence, we removed
this column from the
passport, there were still different discussions, as
if due to this, that is, someone wanted
to return something  I didn’t want to because you
surprised me even with
this like this and
I would love such moments of
Russian Nazis
why a pipe-pipe and so on it’s all
kind of a mask to change the salon